hi I'm Greg the frozen food master and
you're joining me is I eat my way
through the freezer aisle one box at a
time it's July which means it's National
Ice Cream month and today I'm going to
be reviewing something that touts itself
as smooth and dreamy will it be we'll
find out in this episode of freezer
burns
hey stop hi welcome to freezerburns
today we're reviewing this brand-new
from Breyers Breyers smooth and dreamy
extra creamy triple chocolate chip $2.99
for a box of six what does it say on the
outside of the box 130 calories and 6
grams of fat per bar not too shabby
no artificial flavors or colors and
that's really really good to know
because on the outside in the
ingredients this we're not talking some
like Splenda or sweet and low or any
type of artificial sweeteners there is
sugar in here there is milk sugar cocoa
milk chocolatey coating fudge swirl
sugar sugar sugar and still 130 calories
6 grams of fat now incidentally it also
has 13 grams of sugar $2.99 for this box
of 6 is not that bad when you think
about a packaged ice-cream meal not a
whole lot to say here except it says
triple chocolate chip it says extra
creamy I'm not quite sure I'm pretty
sure they say triple chocolate and the
chip just happens to be one of the
chocolate right I think it's chocolate
ice cream chocolate coating chocolate
chip that's the triple part of it let's
pull this out and see how this looks now
anything that touts itself is 130
calories okay that's fine six grams fat
okay if you go out of your way to say
that this thing is maybe a little better
for you first thing that comes in my
mind and probably for you too is okay
where is the trade-off there's a taste
bad is the quantity small this is what
we got here okay it's kind of leaning to
the right a little it's not I don't know
it feels soft it looks soft okay looks
like the chocolate got dipped like this
just all the way through two-thirds of
the way on the back side you can see
there's some swirl and some little itty
bitty chocolate chips these are like the
little chocolate chips that you sprinkle
on top of cupcakes these aren't full-on
chocolate chips that you would put in a
cookie now
set dark chocolate on you on the outside
them see much throw milk chocolate
coating dark chocolate chips okay so the
chips are dark chocolate the outside is
no chocolate I was going to say it looks
a little burnt lighter brown let's see
how this days
not sure if you picked up the
crunchiness
mmm-hmm the coating thicker than a
Klondike coating that gives you kind of
an idea but broke apart like fractured
the same way after I took a bite
however it's um you know it's starting
to sweat here this ice cream starting to
sweat
it is a humid day here in North Carolina
when I'm filming this but all the pieces
stayed on they didn't break off that's
good the ice cream remember I said I was
worried that it was going to give me a
sacrifice in the ice cream it's not that
it's horrible ice cream it doesn't taste
like a chocolate Breyers ice cream it
tastes a little lighter almost like a
soft-serve equivalent to regular ice
cream but kind of molded to - you know
to this form and around the stick let me
take one more bite
nice chocolatey taste I don't feel like
I'm sacrificing any type of chocolate
and that doesn't taste artificial tastes
really good see the ice cream soft
enough that I can lick it overall I
think this is a good quantity I think
that the taste is good the consistency
is good for six of these not too bad for
$2.99
I really like this this is the triple
chocolate chip smooth and dreamy bar
brand-new from Breyers $2.99 for a box
of six good quantity great great
chocolatey taste as you know in between
it takes here I've been like oh my god
this chocolate is nice it's like the
chocolate that sticks in the back of
your molars and and you're cool with
that you're like no I'm gonna hold off
brushing my teeth for a little bit the
chips are good the outside coating is
really good the inside ice cream is
super super lickable which is a good
quality and ice cream it's nice and soft
but really creamy just like it said I
really like this did not break the
streak of my three plus star for every
type of ice cream I give this a perfect
5 out of 5 star question of the day
triple chocolate what would you like to
see that's currently doesn't have
chocolate that you would want to put
chocolate on answer that in the comment
section or leave me a voicemail in the
hungry nation hotline as always I'm your
host Greg the frozen food master happy
National Ice Cream month and you know
every review moving forward for this
month of July is going to be ice cream
so hope you enjoy thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time